Hello-microverse (#2)
Bleu-Yves-Sopoude/HelloMv: README.md

# Hello Microverse

📗 Table of Contents

    📖 About the Project
        🛠 Built With
            Html css
            github

    💻 Getting Started
        Setup
        Prerequisites
        Install
        git clone https://github.com/Bleu-Yves-Sopoude/HelloMv.git
    👥 Authors
    git
    🔭 Future Features
    🤝 Contributing
    ⭐️ Show your support
    🙏 Acknowledgements
    ❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)

>     📝 License

Reviewer: - [ ] This table of contents should be clickable when anyone clicks on any of the sections it scrolls down to the specific section so kindly fix it also I see your table of content is not look like microverse provided `README` file Please don't remove anything the only `FAQ` section is optional so if you want to remove `FAQ` section then you remove it the other sections are mandatory. Check below :point_down:  my suggestion :slightly_smiling_face: 

```suggestion
    - [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)
```

Reviewer 2: - [ ] Please consider accepting the suggestion left by the previous reviewer
> * This table of contents should be clickable when anyone clicks on any of the sections it scrolls down to the specific section so kindly fix it also I see your table of content is not look like Microverse provided `README` file Please don't remove anything the only `FAQ` section is optional so if you want to remove `FAQ` section then you remove it the other sections are mandatory. Check below :point_down:  my suggestion :slightly_smiling_face:

> 📖 [Hello Microverse]
> 
>     Simple Hello Microverse project with many guideline of real project sub;ission for review

Reviewer: - [ ] Kindly replace these lines with my suggested below :point_down: lines because as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone is clink on anylink it will be redirect to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1: 

```suggestion
# 📖 [Hello Microverse] <a name="about-project"></a>

    Simple Hello Microverse project with many guidelines of real project submission for review
```

Reviewer 2: - [ ]  Please consider accepting the suggestion left by the previous reviewer
> * [ ]  Kindly replace these lines with my suggested below :point_down: lines because as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone is clink on any link it will be redirected to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

> [your_project__name] is a...
> 🛠 Html css
>     github

Reviewer: - [ ] Kindly remove these lines and replace with my suggestion below :point_down: lines :+1: 

```suggestion
## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html/">HTML</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/">CSS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Add linters**
- **Add heading**
- **Add color to the heading**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
```

Reviewer 2: - [ ]  Please consider accepting the suggestion left by the previous reviewer
> * [ ]  Kindly remove these lines and replace with my suggestion below :point_down: lines :+1:

> 🚀 Live Demo
> 
>     Add a link to your deployed project.
> 
>     Live Demo Link

Reviewer: - [ ] Kindly replace these lines too as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone is clink on any link it will be redirect to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

```suggestion
## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- Coming Soon
```

Reviewer 2: - [ ]  Please consider accepting the suggestion left by the previous reviewer
> * [ ]  Kindly replace these lines too as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone is clink on any link it will be redirect to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

> 💻 Getting Started
> 
>     Describe how a new developer could make use of your project.
> 
> To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.
> Prerequisites
> 
> In order to run this project you need:
> Setup
> 
> Clone this repository to your desired folder:
> Install
> 
> Install this project with:
> Usage
> 
> To run the project, execute the following command:
> Run tests
> 
> To run tests, run the following command:
> Deployment
> 
> You can deploy this project using:
> 
> (back to top)

Reviewer: - [ ] Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone is clink on any link it will be redirect to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

```suggestion
## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project, double-click on the HTML file and open it on your browser

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Command:
```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/Bleu-Yves-Sopoude/HelloMv.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

Example command:
```sh
  cd my-project
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project, double-click on the HTML file and open it on your browser

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:
command:
```sh
npm test
```

### Deployment

- Coming Soon

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
```

Reviewer 2: - [ ]  Please consider accepting the suggestion left by the previous reviewer

> * [ ]  Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above point_up_2 when someone is clink on any link it will be redirect to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines +1
> 
> ### Install
> Install this project with:
> 
> Example command:
> 
> ```shell
>   cd my-project
>   npm install
> ```
> 
> ### Usage
> To run the project, double-click on the HTML file and open it on your browser
> 
> ### Run tests
> To run tests, run the following command: command:
> 
> ```shell
> npm test
> ```
> 
> ### Deployment
> * Coming Soon
> 
> ([back to top](#readme-top))
> 
> ```

> 👤 Author
>     GitHub: @Bleu-Yves-Sopoude
>     
> 
> 
> 
> (back to top)

Reviewer: - [ ]  Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone clicks on any link it will be redirected to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:
```suggestion
## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [@Bleu-Yves-Sopoude](https://github.com/Bleu-Yves-Sopoude)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
```

Reviewer 2: - [ ]  Please consider accepting the suggestion left by the previous reviewer

> * [ ]   Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone clicks on any link it will be redirected to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

> 🔭 Future Features
> 
>     one feature branch
>     
> 
> 

Reviewer: - [ ] Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone clicks on any link it will be redirected to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

```suggestion
## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Add navbar**
- [ ] **Add footer**
- [ ] **Add hero section**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
```

Reviewer 2: - [ ]  Please consider accepting the suggestion left by the previous reviewer

> * [ ]  Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone clicks on any link it will be redirected to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

> 🤝 Contributing
> 
> Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
> 
> Feel free to check the issues page.
> 
> (back to top)

Reviewer: - [ ]  Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone clicks on any link it will be redirected to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

```suggestion
## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
```

Reviewer 2: - [ ]  Please consider accepting the suggestion left by the previous reviewer

> * [ ]   Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone clicks on any link it will be redirected to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

> ⭐️ Show your support
> 
>     Write a message to encourage readers to support your project
> 
> If you like this project...
> 
> (back to top)

Reviewer: - [ ]  Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone clicks on any link it will be redirected to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

```suggestion
## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

- If you like this project you can give me a star

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
```

Reviewer 2: - [ ]  Please consider accepting the suggestion left by the previous reviewer

> * [ ]   Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone clicks on any link it will be redirected to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

> 🙏 Acknowledgments
> 
>     
> 
> I would like to thank microverse
> 
> 
> (back to top)

Reviewer: - [ ] Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone is click on any link it will be redirected to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

```suggestion
# 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank microverse

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
```

Reviewer 2: - [ ]  Please consider accepting the suggestion left by the previous reviewer

> * [ ]  Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone is click on any link it will be redirected to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

> 📝 License
> 
> This project is MIT licensed.
> 
> NOTE: we recommend using the MIT license - you can set it up quickly by using templates available on GitHub. You can also use any other license if you wish.
> 
> (back to top)

Reviewer: - [ ] Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone is clink on any link it will be redirect to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:

```suggestion
## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
```

Reviewer 2: - [ ]  Please consider accepting the suggestion left by the previous reviewer

> * [ ]  Please replace these lines as well as I mentioned above :point_up_2: when someone is clink on any link it will be redirect to the specific section so please replace my line with your lines :+1:
